# Discourse Analysis of Lin Daiyu Compared to Other Characters in THE DREAM OF THE RED CHAMBER #
This is a repository to give a brief introduction to our project. In this project, we did a discourse analysis on Lin Daiyu, the main female character of _THE DREAM OF THE RED CHAMBER_, with the means of comparing its corpus with the rest of the characters. In order to reach our goal, BookNLP and Python are applied to extract Lin Daiyu and the rest of the characters’ discourses, respectively, considering them as our two datasets.
Then, two datasets were separately put into further analysis by Voyant, which specifically applied its function of word frequency, word collocation, text visualization, and context analysis. Eventually, textual references are added to confirm the final analysis results by tools.
 
We observed the word frequency used by Lin Daiyu and the rest of the characters’ corpus, combining the occurrences of words with the word property, meaning, and application environment, indicating she possesses a spirit of resistance and a disdain for the feudal social class system that prevailed at that time. Moreover, the research word collocation obtained a lot as well. Lin Daiyu’s sensitive emotions were revealed transparently through her discourse, whereas we further draw a conclusion about her negative life attitude by more profound analysis within context analysis. However, although we mainly accomplished our project with the help of tools, we still encountered several difficulties because of its limitations. Throughout the practice, we not only managed to resolve the research question on the language styles of Lin Daiyu that differ her from the rest of the characters but also came up with constructive suggestions for tool improvement.

Within this repository, we uploaded two datasets for the project study, representing Lin Daiyu's and the rest of the characters’ discourse. The code applied in operating BookNLP and Python to get the datasets is also shown in the BooknlpAndPy file.’ Moreover, with the purpose of offering a better understanding of BookNLP, its outputs are also available in the folder. Finally, our complete report is presented in PDF, exhibiting our comprehensive research process with concrete analysis. 
